All right.
Welcome back my students in this lecture I'm going to show you how to delete real lady models what I
mean with that is that let's say for example we have a user write that you know has content in our website
or our occasionally has different posts.
Right they were able to create pools.
They are authors now we banned the use of the Web site.
They don't exist anymore.
So their content remains.
All right so we what we want to do is build a functionality where we actually delete that user's content
when the users they Leidy as well.
I'm going to show you how to do that in this lecture.
OK.
So I want you to go to your database.
I'm here already but just go to your database migrations right here on poults right.
So you're going to go to the post migration.
All right.
So how are we going to do this is like this.
We're going to use the object here when I use a method called forging.
And the key here is going to be the user ID.
All right.
Because we're going to relate.
We're going to put a constraint in between the users stable and the ports.
Now we're going to do references.
Another method is all about methods references the ID.
OK so now you see those two constraints that constraint user ID and the ID so that user ID from the
post to the ID on use is stable.
We read references the ID on users you see that and then here what are we going to do is we're going
to say on the lead we're going to cascade down and delete everything as well.
All right.
So that's how we're going to do that here.
And now we're going to say ph be artists and we got to go back here.
We're going to say migrate refresh.
Hopefully you don't have that much data in your database.
All right so we're going to refresh and we're got to just register a user the first one that we got
to register is the admin of course guys and remember I am Edwin from the future.
So if you see a couple of things in my database or the application that you don't have yet do now worry
about it you will have them in the future.
You just haven't got there yet.
OK.
All right.
So we've got Edwin the admin here.
We got to make him admin so that way he can see this page here.
So let's go to the database to PH BE MY admin.
Let's go to roles and let's create some rules real quick because we're going to get the error if we
don't have rules administrator there.
And the second is that alter
ego.
And
the third one was this subscriber.
OK.
Beautiful.
Now let's go back to the user.
Let's edit.
Let's make it real like the one for subscriber and let's make him act so that way we can be logged in
.
All right.
There we go.
Cool.
Let's give the user a picture.
If you don't have the functionality do not worry about it.
OK let's create another user real quick name and Jose and I'm going to give him a rule of art or something
making Mac.
Give him a picture.
Let's
I had pictures here somewhere.
That's OK.
We go.
I know I have pictures here somewhere.
There we go.
Let's give him a pass.
All right cool.
So now let's create a pose.
And I really have to look then as those to create a pose for him but I'm going to do it.
And this way and then I'm going to edit that between my admin.
All right.
So is this post.
We don't have a category no picture.
That's OK.
All right.
So now you can see that the owner is Edwin días.
That's OK we're going to edit this.
Impeach me my admin
and I was going to post this guy and it's me the owner Jose.
Let's go back and refresh.
You can see now that he's.
Why happen if I go in the Leto's it
will say delete it.
We go back in the polls is gone.
All right.
So as you can see now if we didn't have that in our system you would never get the post deleted because
it would never be able to find it.
All right.
So that's a pretty cool function idea I think right.
You can use that for anything else.
All right.
Just remember this functionality right here.
Hopefully you were able to learn something really cool today that you did not know and hopefully make
sure they.
Thank you so much and I'll see you in the next lecture